# OMG, that's So Many Replays(tm)!

Replayniac will raise your Starcraft II replay hunger. And you will feed!

When navigating replay sites you ever thought "man, I wish I could download all
these sick replays from this guy with a single click", while you actually
didn't have nearly enough time to watch them all? Replayniac will make it
happen.

You ever wondered if you were wasting time clicking a thousand times to
download all those replays you will never watch? Replayniac will help you out
with this by reducing thousands of clicks to a single one! Just imagine the
amount of replays you'll get with a couple or three clicks. And you'll never
gonna watch them anyway!

---

On a serious note, the purpose of this extension is to be able to perform the
following workflow:

 * Perform a search for a player/matchup/race/map/player color/whatever on a replay site
 * Be able to download them all as fast and as simple as possible

When you mark checkboxes and hit the "download them all" button, a window will
open and new tabs will be created on it, always keeping a maximum amount of
tabs open at a time. This amount is configurable under extension's options
(you'll need to set this to a lower value if your internet connection is slow
or if you're using a slow computer).

The extension expects the browser to close the tabs automatically after the
downloads start, so it can start new downloads right away. Please read below
for exceptions of this case and please report if anything doesn't work.

## IMPORTANT NOTE TO EXTENSION FUNCTIONALITY

For certain sites, and I'm not sure why, Chrome will not automatically close
the tab that the extension used to open a new file for download. If you see
that happening (downloads starting but no tabs closing on the Replayniac
"download manager"), then you'll need to close them manually for the other tabs
start opening!

Sites known for needing manually closing of download tabs:

-- none

(Gosugamers.net is now working as expected, at least for me)

---

Some of the mentioned sites below will only show checkboxes and the "download
all" link after you make a search like that.

Currently working replay sites are (as of August 2011):

 * SC2Rep (http://www.sc2rep.com)
 * SC2-Replays.net (http://sc2-replays.net)
 * GosuGamers (http://gosugamers.net/starcraft2/replays)
 * Replays.net (http://sc2.replays.net/replay/replaylist.aspx)
 * GameReplays.org (http://www.gamereplays.org/starcraft2/replays.php?game=33)
 * Blizzcon Tournaments (URLs in the format: `http://*.battle.net/blizzcon/*/tournaments/*/matches/sc2/video-archive`, like http://us.battle.net/blizzcon/en/tournaments/us-regionals/matches/sc2/video-archive)

Replay sites that won't need Replayniac, cause they already want to blow your
mind with billions of replays, therefore are highly recommended:

 * SC-Replay (http://www.sc-replay.com)

---

(Taken as directed, Replayniac provides uninterrupted sleep without
morning-after grogginess. You awaken fresh, ready to tackle all those little
annoying problems facing you. Do not exceed recommended dosage. \*)

[\*] Just like [Ubik](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ubik)